Before the Emperor started his business, the middle road collapsed.
Today, the second third, Yizhou, is tired of disadvantages.
This is a time of crisis.
However, the ministers of bodyguards are unremitting at home, and those who are loyal to their ideals forget to be outside.
They will catch up with the previous emperor and want to repay his majesty.
It is advisable to open up a saint's hearing, to honor the virtues of the former emperor and the spirit of the great patriots, and not to belittle oneself and call it a bad name.
It is also a good way to stop loyalty and remonstrance.
In the palace, all are one.
It is not suitable to be different or similar to give credit, punish, Zang or not.
If there are people who commit crimes and are loyal to the good, they should pay the punishment and reward to the official to show your majesty's plain principles.
It is not advisable to be partial and make the internal and external laws different.
Waiters, waitresses Guo Youzhi, Fei Yi, Dong Yun, etc. are all good and honest, and their ambition is to be loyal and pure, so that the emperor can leave his majesty.
Fool thinks that things in the palace are of no great or small importance.
If you learn about them and then implement them, you will be able to help fill the gaps and make them more useful.
The general Xiang Chong, who is gentle in nature and smooth in military affairs, tried to use it in the past.
The former emperor called it Neng, and took the public opinion as the governor.
Fools think that if they know what is going on in the camp and consult with others, they will be able to make the battle line harmonious, and the good and the bad will find their way.
He was close to virtuous officials and far away from villains, so the early Han Dynasty was prosperous;
He who is close to villains is far from being a virtuous minister, so Han Dynasty fell down.
During the time of the former emperor, whenever he talked with his ministers about this matter, he always sighed and hated Yu Huan and Ling Ya.
Servants, ministers, chroniclers, and soldiers, who know the chastity and integrity of their ministers, are willing to trust your majesty in person, so that the prosperity of the Han Dynasty can be expected in a timely manner.
He was a minister in cloth clothes. He devoted himself to Nanyang, lived in troubled times, and did not want to be heard of.
The former emperor did not regard his ministers as mean, and he was obscene and overindulged.
The three ministers were in the cottage. The counselors were grateful for what they had done, so he allowed the former emperor to drive them away.
It has been one year since the fall of the late Qing Dynasty, when he was assigned to the defeat and was ordered to be in danger.
The late emperor knew that his ministers were cautious, so he sent them to help them.
Since I was appointed, I have been worried all day and night.
I am afraid that the entrustment will not work, which will hurt the former emperor's wisdom.
So I crossed to Luzhou in May and went deep into the city.
Now the south has been settled, and the armor is enough. When the three armies are awarded, the north has been settled in the Central Plains.
The common people are exhausted and dull. They can stop the villains, revive the Han Dynasty, and return to the old capital.
This minister therefore reported to the former emperor and was loyal to his majesty.
As for considering the profit and loss and making full use of the advice, it is the responsibility of you, Yi and Yun.
I hope your majesty entrusts his ministers with the purpose of appealing to the thieves for recovery.
If not, he will punish his ministers and tell the spirit of the former emperor.
If there is no word of virtue, blame Youzhi, Yi, Yun and others for their slowness to show their guilt;
Your majesty should also seek his own advice. He is very kind to the Suwa River.
He can accept the elegant words and deeply pursue the imperial edict of the former emperor.
I am very grateful.
Today, we should be far away from the face of tears. We don't know what to say.